A Content Delivery Network or CDN,
speeds up delivery of your static and dynamic web content such as web-pages,
cascading style sheets, JavaScript logic, and images.
Typically, content is cached or stored for a certain period of time,
and when a user requests your website or other web content,
content is pulled from the cache speeding up
the delivery of the content to your end users.
A CDN reduces latency and decreases the load on your servers,
which provides a good end user experience to
your customers and users of your applications.
Latency simply means the time it takes to respond to a request.
So from the time a user attempts to access
your website to the time it takes for your website to load.
High latency causes your website to take a long time to
load while low latency causes your website to load quickly.
Low latency is a good thing and CDNs assist with this.